Release Notes & new link Anti-fraud debit cards (#565)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/anti-fraud-flow-for-debit-card-transactions.md

---
slug: "anti-fraud-flow-for-debit-card-transactions"
title: "Anti-fraud flow for debit card transactions"
createdAt: 2023-07-05T12:00:00.000Z
hidden: false
type: "added"
excerpt: "New anti-fraud flow available for debit card transactions."
---
Starting on July 1st, 2023, debit card transactions at VTEX stores can be processed with an extra layer of protection (pre-analysis anti-fraud). Through this new flow, you can offer greater security to your customers in transactions made by debit cards.

> For more information, see [Implementing a pre-analysis antifraud flow for debit card transactions](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/implementing-a-pre-analysis-antifraud-flow-for-debit-card-transactions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to apply this new layer of security, read [Implementing a pre-analysis antifraud flow for debit card transactions](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/implementing-a-pre-analysis-antifraud-flow-for-debit-card-transactions).
```
